minecraft:ocean
minecraft:plains
minecraft:desert
minecraft:extreme_hills
minecraft:forest
minecraft:taiga
minecraft:swampland
minecraft:river
minecraft:hell
minecraft:sky
minecraft:frozen_ocean
minecraft:frozen_river
minecraft:ice_flats
minecraft:ice_mountains
minecraft:mushroom_island
minecraft:mushroom_island_shore
minecraft:beaches
minecraft:desert_hills
minecraft:forest_hills
minecraft:taiga_hills
minecraft:smaller_extreme_hills
minecraft:jungle
minecraft:jungle_hills
minecraft:jungle_edge
minecraft:deep_ocean
minecraft:stone_beach
minecraft:cold_beach
minecraft:birch_forest
minecraft:birch_forest_hills
minecraft:roofed_forest
minecraft:taiga_cold
minecraft:taiga_cold_hills
minecraft:redwood_taiga
minecraft:redwood_taiga_hills
minecraft:extreme_hills_with_trees
minecraft:savanna
minecraft:savanna_rock
minecraft:mesa
minecraft:mesa_rock
minecraft:mesa_clear_rock
minecraft:void
minecraft:mutated_plains
minecraft:mutated_desert
minecraft:mutated_extreme_hills
minecraft:mutated_forest
minecraft:mutated_taiga
minecraft:mutated_swampland
minecraft:mutated_ice_flats
minecraft:mutated_jungle
minecraft:mutated_jungle_edge
minecraft:mutated_birch_forest
minecraft:mutated_birch_forest_hills
minecraft:mutated_roofed_forest
minecraft:mutated_taiga_cold
minecraft:mutated_redwood_taiga
minecraft:mutated_redwood_taiga_hills
minecraft:mutated_extreme_hills_with_trees
minecraft:mutated_savanna
minecraft:mutated_savanna_rock
minecraft:mutated_mesa
minecraft:mutated_mesa_rock
minecraft:mutated_mesa_clear_rock
zollerngalaxy:zollus
zollerngalaxy:kriffon
zollerngalaxy:purgotary
zollerngalaxy:limbo
zollerngalaxy:green lands
zollerngalaxy:blood desert
zollerngalaxy:rock mountains
zollerngalaxy:terran valley
zollerngalaxy:snowy plains
zollerngalaxy:golden meadow
zollerngalaxy:paradise woods
zollerngalaxy:swamplands
zollerngalaxy:edenwood forest
zollerngalaxy:the garden
zollerngalaxy:asteroid craters
zollerngalaxy:redshroom hills
zollerngalaxy:ocean of eden
zollerngalaxy:abstract plains
zollerngalaxy:xathius ocean
zollerngalaxy:bluelands
zollerngalaxy:xathian mountains
zollerngalaxy:oasis plains
zollerngalaxy:red sea
zollerngalaxy:redlands
zollerngalaxy:xantheon
zollerngalaxy:candy mountain
zollerngalaxy:chocolate ocean
zollerngalaxy:jolly watermelon plains
zollerngalaxy:blueberry hills
zollerngalaxy:cookie lands
zollerngalaxy:golden constructs
zollerngalaxy:radiolarian ocean
zollerngalaxy:lost desert
zollerngalaxy:lost hallows
zollerngalaxy:lost oasis
zollerngalaxy:fueltonium ocean
zollerngalaxy:lost mountains
zollerngalaxy:rocky isles
zollerngalaxy:sanctum beach
zollerngalaxy:the abyss
zollerngalaxy:rocky shore
zollerngalaxy:upside down
zollerngalaxy:creeplands
zollerngalaxy:rocky veins
zollerngalaxy:witherlands
zollerngalaxy:corrupted mesa
moreplanets:diona
moreplanets:chalos_plains
moreplanets:chalos_moutains
moreplanets:slimely_stream
moreplanets:infected_plains
moreplanets:infected_infested_plains
moreplanets:infected_dead_savanna
moreplanets:infected_dead_savanna_plateau
moreplanets:infected_desert
moreplanets:infected_desert_hills
moreplanets:infected_river
moreplanets:infected_frozen_river
moreplanets:infected_ocean
moreplanets:infected_forest
moreplanets:infected_wooded_hills
moreplanets:infected_deep_ocean
moreplanets:infected_dead_dark_forest
moreplanets:infected_mountains
moreplanets:infected_mountains_edge
moreplanets:infected_wooded_mountains
moreplanets:infected_swamp
moreplanets:infected_taiga
moreplanets:infected_taiga_hills
moreplanets:infected_snowy_taiga
moreplanets:infected_snowy_taiga_hills
moreplanets:infected_giant_tree_taiga
moreplanets:infected_giant_tree_taiga_hills
moreplanets:infected_giant_spruce_taiga
moreplanets:infected_giant_spruce_taiga_hills
moreplanets:infected_jungle
moreplanets:infected_jungle_hills
moreplanets:infected_jungle_edge
moreplanets:infected_snowy_tundra
moreplanets:infected_snowy_mountains
moreplanets:infected_ice_spikes
moreplanets:green_vein_fields
moreplanets:cold_green_vein_moutains
moreplanets:green_vein_field_shore
moreplanets:infected_beaches
moreplanets:infected_stone_shore
moreplanets:infected_snowy_beach
moreplanets:infected_badlands
moreplanets:infected_wooded_badlands_plateau
moreplanets:infected_badlands_plateau
moreplanets:fronos_meadow
moreplanets:fronos_plains
moreplanets:fronos_river
moreplanets:fronos_forest
jeid:error_biome
exoplanets:yz ceti b
exoplanets:yz ceti b dirty
exoplanets:yz ceti c
exoplanets:yz ceti unknown
twilightforest:twilight_lake
twilightforest:twilight_forest
twilightforest:dense_twilight_forest
twilightforest:twilight_highlands
twilightforest:mushroom_forest
twilightforest:twilight_swamp
twilightforest:twilight_stream
twilightforest:snowy_forest
twilightforest:twilight_glacier
twilightforest:twilight_clearing
twilightforest:oak_savannah
twilightforest:firefly_forest
twilightforest:deep_mushroom_forest
twilightforest:dark_forest
twilightforest:enchanted_forest
twilightforest:fire_swamp
twilightforest:dark_forest_center
twilightforest:highlands_center
twilightforest:thornlands
twilightforest:spooky_forest
appliedenergistics2:storage_biome
aoa3:abyss
aoa3:ancient_cavern
aoa3:barathos
aoa3:candyland
aoa3:celeve
aoa3:creeponia
aoa3:crystevia
aoa3:deeplands
aoa3:dustopia
aoa3:gardencia
aoa3:greckon
aoa3:haven
aoa3:immortallis
aoa3:iromine
aoa3:lborean
aoa3:lelyetia
aoa3:lunalus
aoa3:mysterium
aoa3:precasia
aoa3:runandor
aoa3:shyrelands
aoa3:vox_ponds
iceandfire:glacier
galacticraftcore:outer space
galacticraftplanets:outer space 1
galacticraftplanets:outer space 2
zollerngalaxy:outer space 3
zollerngalaxy:outer space 4
zollerngalaxy:outer space 5
zollerngalaxy:outer space 6
zollerngalaxy:outer space 7
zollerngalaxy:outer space 8
zollerngalaxy:outer space 9
zollerngalaxy:outer space 10
zollerngalaxy:outer space 11
zollerngalaxy:outer space 12
galaxyspace:space
galaxyspace:spacelowplains
galaxyspace:spacemidplains
galaxyspace:spacelowhills
galaxyspace:spacemidhills
asmodeuscore:-=|worldengine|=-
erebus:underground_jungle
erebus:volcanic_desert
erebus:subterranean_savannah
erebus:elysian_fields
erebus:ulterior_outback
erebus:fungal_forest
erebus:submerged_swamp
erebus:fields_sub_forest
erebus:petrified_forest
evilcraft:biome_degraded
integrateddynamics:biome_meneglin
nuclearcraft:nuclear_wasteland
netherex:ruthless_sands
netherex:fungi_forest
netherex:torrid_wasteland
netherex:arctic_abyss
traverse:autumnal_woods
traverse:woodlands
traverse:mini_jungle
traverse:meadow
traverse:green_swamp
traverse:red_desert
traverse:temperate_rainforest
traverse:badlands
traverse:mountainous_desert
traverse:rocky_plateau
traverse:forested_hills
traverse:birch_forested_hills
traverse:autumnal_wooded_hills
traverse:cliffs
traverse:glacier
traverse:glacier_spikes
traverse:snowy_coniferous_forest
traverse:lush_hills
traverse:desert_shrubland
traverse:thicket
traverse:arid_highland
traverse:rocky_plains
abyssalcraft:darklands
abyssalcraft:darklands_forest
abyssalcraft:darklands_plains
abyssalcraft:darklands_hills
abyssalcraft:darklands_mountains
abyssalcraft:coralium_infested_swamp
abyssalcraft:abyssal_wastelands
abyssalcraft:dreadlands
abyssalcraft:purified_dreadlands
abyssalcraft:dreadlands_forest
abyssalcraft:dreadlands_mountains
abyssalcraft:omothol
abyssalcraft:dark_realm
abyssalcraft:purged
futureminecraf:frozenocean
